Mia Hurts For Those In Need
She hurt deeply when she saw homeless
people last winter and has hurt quietly
for years, motivating her volunteer work.
She leads a local charity now.
She led a successful fundraising campaign
last year and has led many community
projects since then.
Mia lends a helping hand to everyone she can.
She lent her car to a neighbor in need
last week and has lent support to
countless individuals.
She rides her bike to volunteer sites.
She rode 10 miles to a shelter yesterday
and has ridden hundreds of miles for
charity this year.
The sun rises early and so does Mia.
It rose at 5 a .m. this morning and she
has risen with it every day this summer.
Mia shoots videos for the charity's website.
She shot an inspiring documentary last
month and has shot many promotional clips
this year.
Sometimes, Mia's heart sinks when she
sees suffering.
It sank when she visited a rundown school
last week, but her spirit has sunk only
momentarily before rising again with determination.
She tears apart every challenge that
comes her way.
She tore her jacket while rushing to an
important meeting yesterday, but her
dedication has torn apart doubts about
her leadership.
Mia throws herself into her work.
She threw a big charity event last month
and has thrown her whole heart into
making a difference.
She wears the charity's t -shirt like a
badge of honor.
Yesterday, she wore it to an interview
and she has worn it for years, reminding
her of her journey.